Hello and welcome in this Lecture lecture we've finally been waiting for where we're going to be able
to get smooth movement on our autonomous proxy.
So what's going to happen is if I set my lag really high and move around with the autonomous proxy you
can see that I'm not really experiencing any lag on the autonomous proxy's side at all.
Even though there is lag between the server and let me prove it to you if I go and sit myself in front
of these simulated proxy in fact who might already be seeing the lag but if I sit in front of the autonomous
sorry the server and stop.
Kate you can see some lag there.
But if I go and accelerate you can see my acceleration happens much sooner.
On the autonomous proxy than on the server.
But I am able to stay ahead of the server on the autonomous proxy and thus I'm able to control it really
nice and fluidly rather than before.
How we got reset back constantly So let's dive in and see how we make this last step towards getting
this result right.
Finally onto the good stuff of actually fixing this bug.
At long last we are going to be simulating all the moves that have been unacknowledged locally.
So that is going to be the very last piece of this pseudo code puzzle it's taken us a few lectures to
get there that hopefully we've broken it down in a way that's understandable and that we've been able
to chew on him bite sized chunks.
That's the point that these pseudocode even though you know the names didn't agree in the end and some
of it had to was a bit more subtle.
It gave us a really nice overview and structure of where we were heading.
So last step to replay slash simulate any unacknowledged moves well hopefully at this stage it's going
to be really simple for us because we're doing this as it's said here on receiving the service state.
We've just cleared all the acknowledged move.
So what we want to do now.
And we have reset as you can see here the velocity and the set act transform has reset the state.
So what we want to do now is replay all the moves and that should be fairly straight forward.
We can actually copy the for loop that we've already created over all the moves and it's here and clear.
Knowledge moves and we can go in to on rep state and I should say actually at this point if you know
how to do those balls of video and give it a shot because there's a little mini challenge that I'm sure
you could do.
Okay so if you have paused or are carrying on with me let's go ahead and implement it so we've got this
move and what we essentially want to do is go ahead and simulate move.
So and just give it the move.
And that's basically all we want to do in this loop.
Just go over all the moves that have been you know not acknowledged yet we've cleared them on all the
knowledge moves.
So we have got everything since the last move and we want to go ahead and simulate.
So that's what we'll do.
But if I go ahead and build at this point I think I would get an error.
No it doesn't.
So actually the reason I was thinking it was going to fail is because simulate move takes an F go cart
move that is not cancer but I just realized that it's not a reference so it's fine because what will
happen here is it'll take a copy of the move.
That's what it's saying here.
Well we can make this better.
We can make sure that simulate moved and that she'd take a copy of the move at all.
It can just take a reference to it and it can take a constant reference because it doesn't need to change.
The move is just simulating it after all.
So we're going to go ahead and change that signature both in the head of file and we've already changed
it in the C plus plus or at least I just did.
And that should also compile just fine now that we're just passing this reference and the move rather
than having to copy it around in memory all the time just you know it probably doesn't make much of
a difference to the performance.
But it's a good habit to get into.
And hey that should be our Sudoku pretty much implemented.
Let's go into the unreel editor and have a little play.
So we're going to go ahead and play.
I'm going to go over to my autonomous proxy screen.
I'm going to open up the console set inordinately high lag and just drive around.
Oh my word.
I'm driving around without any lag whatsoever.
I'm crashing into objects that's fine but I'm driving around and hopefully when I have done doing the
obstacle course I'm not doing it badly as you can see I'm not driving I'm not hitting these posts particularly
well.
But when I come back in front of the THOMAS Well the server you can see that the server still thinks
I'm in exactly the correct place.
So I'm pretty happy with that.
What we've got here is moves being sent up to the server and the servers kept authority.
But for the moves that we know we're ahead of the server.
We are the ones who are replaying those moves on top of the authority of the server exactly the solution
that we had been outlining in our pseudocode to the pseudocode is done.
And we've just tested it for smoothness it is indeed now nice and smooth.
There's no horrible glitching which I'm really really happy with.
But there is one problem.
Well there's not really a problem so much as surely we can still glitch how can we still collect.
And that is the challenge for you to make it glitch.
There should be a way to make it clear glutting is still possible.
If we disagree with the server remember the server retains its authority.
So if we at any point disagree with a service simulation then we are going to have to glitch because
we are the client and we are slaves to the server.
The service has goes that's like everything the customer says get and I'd like you to go ahead and brainstorm
why we might disagree with the server.
What are some situations in which the server might know something we didn't know yet.
Think about that.
Go ahead and share a list of your thoughts on the forum and if possible try and reproduce such a glitch.
Try and get it on film even better.
You know record it with something like snag it OR CAM Tasia.
That's what I use but I'm sure it's lots of free recording software out there as well and share it on
YouTube and better in the forum posts just to show people examples of your glitch that you've been able
to find I'd be really interested to see if you find glitches that I haven't been able to find or haven't
been able to reproduce so pause a video and have a go at re creating a glitch.
Okay welcome back.
So one example of why we might glitch is if the server knows where the position of another client is
before we were there.
So if we are going in for a head on collision then there may actually be a collision that occurs earlier
because we haven't yet received the new position of a client.
So let's go ahead and see if we can reproduce this is going to be a little bit tricky.
So bear with me we are going to have a little bit of difficulty setting this up.
So one thing I'm going to do is I'm going to drive the authority in front of.
Okay that's a little bit weird.
The authority is moving in a rather strange way indeed.
Yes definitely definitely moving rather strangely moving much faster than we would expect.
So that's a little bit of a bug that we're going to have to tackle isn't it.
Let's go and see.
That's definitely happening but I think we might be able to still reproduce the in spite of this we're
going to look at the bugs in the next lecture.
So I'm going to accelerate my authority forward and quickly switch to the autonomous proxy and try and
collide with it.
That didn't work.
Didn't get any glitching there because the authority slowed down a little bit too quickly.
Let's get these side by side so they're easier to see.
K so we've got our authority now on that right.
Let's go ahead and switch to the authority and try and drive it.
Maybe a bit slower.
In front of our autonomous proxy.
And we'll give it a bit of momentum.
It's is quite hard to do.
So what they're trying to do here is move my authority.
In front of the autonomous proxy so that hopefully they collide.
So set it off on a course and accelerate the autonomous proxy.
And you'll notice we got a little bit glitching on the simulate proxy but that doesn't help us very
much.
Let's try and do a bit more.
No that was a little bit too slow with reaction times.
You can see how this is going to happen.
But it is rather hard to reproduce.
What we want to do is get our autonomous proxy accelerating in front of the authority.
Which is currently not moving very fast so I can't.
Can't do very much with slowing down too quickly basically.
So one thing I could do is remove any deceleration.
There you go.
We finally got a glitch.
So what happened there is I looked like I was moving past the simulated proxy and then I glitched back
to being stuck behind the simulated proxy because in actual fact what happened is on the server it had
moved forward but I haven't got that update on the client yet.
It's rather hard to see who might have to rewind the video and see that glitch one more time in slow
motion.
It's hard to reproduce these but you can pretty much see how Im trying to reproduce them.
And hopefully youll have better luck reproducing and maybe you can do some code changes that will make
the simulated proxy move by itself.
You could reintroduce the cube from the first series the first section to move around in front of the
autonomous proxy and then you might see it glitch back those kinds of things.
So we can definitely see that this is a much much better method seeing as our partners proxies now able
to move around with full control even though it has a whole 1 second of lag Okay.
So I will see you in the next lecture.